The state is a genius of insecure, and it might require a context to admit to me.
So I understand though that they are consenting now all the principles?
They're all here.
Mr. Chairman, I find out that that is included in the motion.
Mr. Chairman, I don't understand that the motion made by the center of March and Saw
means that all conversations having to do with the investigation of Communists in the military.
I said all pertaining to this controversy and the front of the verse here is defined by the charges that have been filed in the specification of the parties to this controversy.
The parties have been named.
A new one was added to the record.
Added to the proceedings that the Senate of Part B and Mr. Colme filed there charges and specifications.
I asked that at the time that he made a parties to the proceedings, all parties, all principles are here.
The Senate of Part B and Mr. Colme, I wasn't expecting to hear more from you.
Now, that's the first amendment.
Do I understand that this would provide for all the moniker telephone conversations having to do with our committee's investigation of Communists in the military in flesh?
Relating all that to the issues that for this committee and involved in this investigation.
If it's relevant to the inquiry now in progress, if they are included, if they're only irrelevant to it, they would not be included.
I think the members of the committee understand the motion but to share much to make sure that they do before he puts it.
Any members of the committee?
The Vice President will put the in-flight amendment on the motion.
Anybody on the roof of the roof of the roof is agreed to approve.
Any other democations?
I have the principle to be agreed to this.
The question is, now we're going to put the motion.
Do you want to ask the principal to agree about the unmistakable of the other members?
The javelin I understood they had agreed.
Mr. Wolf said Mr. Colme and Mr. Carvin have not been asked to be served.
I mean, they did it this way.
Then the secretary is sitting behind me and I said I may speak for him and give his consent.
On his end of any and all material telephone calls that are monitored are recorded.
Mr. Hempsel is slightly on my right and has indicated that I may now give his consent to all of his calls.
Mr. Adams is in sight and I observe him nodding his head so that we have his consent.
We are lacking only Mr. Colme and Car.
Just a minute, just a minute.
I would like to find out that we have the consent of Mr. Colme and Car.
Mr. Chairman, I think that Mr. Carvin and Mr. Colme, I assume we're the same position we have in this,
that I not only consent but want all of the monetary conversations, all of the other conversations made available to the committee,
but I don't want to have this intention upon getting the consent of some 50 or 20 different people of Mr. Stevens or Mr. Adams may have called.
The example during the course of it, I know that Mr. Adams called members of this committee, other than myself.
He called in a number of people on the hill.
I am not going to, I am not going to consent to put in only conversations involving whom and Car and McCarthy unless it is understood.
And I don't think this should be based upon the consent of anyone.
I think the committee, I think the committee, I think the committee by vote should order the production of all documents,
regardless of who objectures who consent to it, the committee has an unqualified right to do it.
I approve that, frankly, but I will not give any consent with the chair.
I want to give the introduction of a few of the 100 telephone conversations, and I think I think Mr. Carvin and Mr. Colme,
I don't mind Mr. Chairman, Mr. Senator from Wisconsin.
That it is only necessary to get to consent our full parties to a telephone conversation which is monitored.
That this committee has power without the consent.
Our party is to a conversation to subpoena and then the court, a record that they made, not some third party made,
a record all member and member that they made it to that.
Therefore, they only have a piece.
The only instance in which they consent is necessary is where a telephone conversation is monitored.
Are you ready for the question?
I just like to learn, let me ask you that.
Let's assume that Mr. Adam Cole General's record is just certain matter of him.
Do I understand that it is your fault that we just get the consent of General's record?
Yes, we have conversation with monitored senators certainly so.
Otherwise, we would all be valid and I'm sure that Mr. Voucher agrees with me.
I'd make sure Attorney Wu is not the other person who leaves the record.
Which is Wicker himself may testify to the conversation.
But you need third party on the line who is monitoring that conversation may not testify to it without the consent of the party on the other end of the line.
So then, then, I'm going to have one of us drink in the work.
But back when we started, this means that only the material which Mr. Adams, Mr. Steven,
that will all consider it favorable.
We'll look at the book in the record.
How about the coals? How about the coals they make to Chris?
To look here.
To Mr. O'Connor's name.
Colonel Brown.
All up and down the line, does this mean the committee has got the girl and receive a written consent from the last number of people?
Yes, sir.
The answer is yes.
Well, Mr. Chairman, may I, as other than do, I know this must be.
I'm not going to give you a lot of people, but the two are in the middle of this one.
As I understand, all we need to decide now is to subcene these monitors' conversations.
Now, we have the right to get those conversations.
We do not need the consent of any of the parties.
Correct?
The only possible question of doubt is to the gallery rate relates to the possible release in a public hearing or in a court.
And how does that happen?
So, we have the right to subcene all these records that are relevant to this hearing.
And I think that we ought to confine it to that enact on that.
As far as the motion goes, Mr. Chairman, say, and I don't feel that the necessity of getting consent is a point of tissue at this time.
And we all have tried, now, of what the motion provides is the committee ready to vote.
Say, nothing to the council, as they ask just for the tender drink, just for the boldies alone.
One few, group of these motions.
There will be a one-year motion as a matter of fact.
Senator, I think it's been sent downstairs.
We're making a move.
Yes, sir.
May these hearings suggest that Senator from Arkansas restate his motion now.
We will go down the motion as we stated. The transcript is in the cut-down step.
Let the stamina outside of his state.
Let the stamina move.
Let all them arouse them.
All documents.
All notes of monitor conversations.
As between the fightings to this controversy and all others, that all relevant.
Including all parties to this controversy, be admitted in evidence.
Be sufficient.
And I thought they were open to me.
Why, that they be sufficient and for here and present it to this committee,
by a reduction in evidence in that chronological order,
if they are found to be material and relevant to the issues this committee is now considered.
Mr. Chairman.
Introduce the unit.
I should like to say, Mr. Chairman, if I may, I'll be back tonight.
That's part of Senator McClellan's motion.
Embracing the bringing of all records before this committee, monitor their otherwise.
It is not necessary because this committee has that power and we're the so may do so and we're the so.
The only question that I desire to specifically call to you members of this committee is the question of admissibility of monitored telephone conversations without the consent of the parties to that.
Mr. Chairman.
We can take up each document at the time with respect to the parties involved.
But we have the principles here and therefore I'm making this motion for the purpose of getting all conversations between these principles.
Here, in respect to all prisoners, whether the poll came from one to the other by person.
Now you've got to do it without a motion.
Well, all right, they're over here and I want to make it.
They said they considered it as all in this list to be the right mind.
To be the introduction of the monitor to the party.
I want them to either object or to say it and if they object, I'm going to make the motion and let's it's a very good one.
Mr. Chairman, when I say the speaking for myself and from us are coming.
Mr. Chairman is speaking for myself. Mr. Cron. Mr. Cron.
I have, hopefully, approved of the motion just made by the center of the market.
So I understand, like that, period.
And the chair is called Mr. Carl.
That is also accepted by the House.
Yes, sir.
They make the same request to Mr. Cron.
Completely accepted.
And they agree that the monitoring of the conversation is made.
They agree that the monitoring conversation is made in public today's policy of the sworn testimony.
But it's the commitment.
Mr. Chairman.
I want the committee to get all of this material.
I want all of it in the record.
I will not consent.
They're taking two or three or five conversations.
Out of 100 telephone conversations having made, having no of made part of the record.
We've seen the example of that today.
We saw the secretary come in.
And out of some 50 or 100 conversations, he tries to introduce one.
I want the committee to first go over the first hurdle and get all of the monitored conversations.
Then it's up to the committee to decide what they will put in the record.
If they decide over my objection, they will select if he will put them in.
The committee has that right.
But I would not consent.
And I would advise Mr. Cron, Mr. Cron, not to consent.
To allow a Tuesday's and Tuesday's over in the Pentagon,
to ripple through these conversations and pick out what should be submitted.
Mr. McCone's motion line is telling us nearly that they've been subtenant
and that the committee have all this information.
Mr. Cron, I think said you can make them up one by one decide what to do with them.
I've always thought that was a respect to relevancy or materiality.
That question may be raised at any time when he and his testimony is presented.
But I am making the motion to include all.
Not only to select one or two or a thousand but two in two or three.
That's all relevant and material.
So this is from the version.
I would agree with that.
That is I am not excluding anything except you have some documents presented.
And offered in evidence and an objection is raised to its relevancy or materiality.
Then the committee can decide that if that's not.
Mr. Chairman, but I have heard of the integration.
We wish to make every and all the telephone conversations available.
There will be no selection at this table as to which one's going.
It must then all go in. That will be because Mr. Jenkins thinks that some are not material.
They will all be available for the consent of every human being on my side of this controversy.
Now I'm your aim.
And Mr. Jenkins is the boss.
They go in and he says, oh, I'm not a B. Does.
I'm a desk.
You mean you are in evidence.
I produce them for Mr. Jenkins to select and offer an evidence and they will be no objection at any point in respect to any amount of telephone conversations on my behalf of the Army.
And I'm sure it's just the same motion made by the time this march has not just been seconded.
He now we say so we have a film.
I seconded the film.
It's not the second.
The film is on.
I have a film.
Hey, you're going to be on.
Then the mic is off.
The matter of the committee will have me steady best.
The gentleman I think every member of the committee understands my motion.
The federal none of the standard are we stated or we that this the novice will maybe read it.
You have it, sir.
You're resetting.
Be sure.
I have it.
Yes.
The last one.
Mr. Jenkins, I'm listening all of the members of our documents, all notes of monocle conversation that between the parties in this controversy and all others that are relevant.
Including all parties to this controversy be defeated and brought here and presented to this committee for introduction into evidence in that chronological order.
Just they are found to be material and relevant to the issues this committee is not considered.
The federal and the seconded job of the committee will be to go.
And then the talk.
Aye.
Senator Jackson.
Senator Mark.
Aye.
Senator Shannon.
Senator Bob.
Aye.
Senator Mark.
It is unanimous.
Senator Bill, I will come for my committee.
Mr. Lucas, I am now asking you to present our read from a transcription of the notes that you took of a telephone conversation between Senator McCarty and Mr. Stevens on November 7th, 1953.
Will you now do that?
Mr. Chairwoman.
Mr. President, this is Mr. Rick Valor, I should have a motion to file.
Senator McCarty on the room, Mr. Chairwoman, Mr. Chairwoman, Mr. President, I'm not in the front line of the order.
Mr. Jenkins, I'm not in the front line of the order.
Mr. Jenkins, that's not a big highly improper.
You've got 100 monocle conversation.
I don't know what's in this case.
No, I don't know.
He is not the first monocle conversation that you have.
Are they telephone conversation between Senator McCarty and Mr. Stevens?
Are they having Mr. Stevens?
The first monocle telephone conversation?
Mr. Dr. Jenkins, you want me to go talk to you about.
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Dr. disturbing, Mr. David.
All right.
Is it the first monocle telephone conversation that you have between any of the principals in this case?
So we, Senator McCarty, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Kyle, Mr. Adams, Mr. Stevens or Mr. Hanzo.
Is it or not, you know, Mr. Lewis.
I'm not related to it, sir.
But it is not, Senator Chair, we have to sustain the point of work, because the motion
condition needs to be diminished.
Final action.
Then I move.
Then I move, Mr. Chaps, that there's witness-be-dissimist, who are the present, with instructions
to proceed, to compile and arrange all of those monocle telephone conversations in order
and the gear set-form is a form and made direct for further questioning and for introduction
of the problem in chronological order.
No, sir.
Training with him, the original motion, here's transcripts of that concrete lecture.
And you're a second in the motion.
I'm a second.
Second in that, Dr. Potter.
Without objection, the motion will be approved.
You're dismissed for the time being, Mr. Lewis.
Mr. Stevens, may we turn to the staff?
I'm here.
We'll see.
I don't know whether you can see a spot or not, but it's far thirty-nine.
I have a hope that I'll get to Boston tonight.
How are you going to run late?
No, let's witness.
We'll turn around.
It is now four days.
I think we're not objection-we can have a meeting.
We have to go Monday morning at six.
Send ready.
All of us.
Yeah.
And so ends the second day's session of the McCarthy Army hearings.
We'll be back from the caucus room of the Senate Office Building in Washington.
The mutual network has been bringing you on the stop coverage of the congressional hearings
involving Senator Joseph Armacardi and his plural with high army officials.